Project Name : JumpCloud
Module name: Password Hash
Created by: Vera Galstyan
Created at : 03/13/2022
Executed by : Vera Galstyan
Executed at: 03/14/2022


API testing
Test scenarios

POST

1. Verify that password is successfully sent to the server and status code is 201?200
2. Verify when password is successfully accepted, the job id should be returned
3. Verify when password is successfully accepted, the returned job id is an integer
4. Verify that when password is successfully accepted, the response body is not none
5. Verify that password of special characters can be successfully accepted
6. Verify that empty password is successfully accepted and appropriate  job id is returned
7. Verify that one character password is successfully accepted and the appropriate  job id is returned
8. Verify that password with space should be successfully accepted

GET

1. Verify that base64 encoded password is returned for valid id
2. Verify that the returned hash corresponds to sha512 algorithm
3. Verify that encoded password is not returned for invalid id
4. Verify that different passwords do not have the same hash
5. Verify that same password will return the same hash
6. Verify that returned job id should be positive integer
7. Verify that when sending one password after another, the difference between returned ids should be 1
8. Verify that job id can be returned if in the header application/json is not sent
9. Verify when get request is sent, the content type of header is a text
10. Verify get stats of all jobs should not accept any input data
11. Verify get all jobs stats returns json data structure
12. Verify get stats of all jobs returns total requests in response
13. Verify get stats of all jobs returns number of created jobs
14. Verify get stats of all jobs returns average time of hash in response
15. Verify get stats of all jobs returns average time in integers
16. Verify get stats of all jobs shows correct number of jobs
17. Verify that multiple passwords can be sent simultaneously to the server
18. Verify that when password is sent,the id is returned immediately and hash is created after 5 sec
19. Verify shutting down should allow any in flight password hashing to complete
20. Verify shutting down should return empty response


* Bugs
Post returns job id immediately and get returns the hash after waiting 5 sec. BUG REPORT

Defect ID: 0001
Project Name: Jumpcloud
Module name: Password Hash
Title/Summary: Job id is not returned immediately when a password is sent to the server
Build Version: 2.8
Priority: Medium
Status: New
Steps To Reproduce:
1) Create a payload in json format with the desired password
2) Make a POST request to localhost 8080/hash with the created payload and timeout of 1 sec
3) Check if the status code of the sent request is 200
Actual Result: The appropriate job id is returned after waiting 5 sec from the post request
Expected Result: Post request with the password to the server should return a job identifier immediately
Attachments: N/A


* Suggestion:
! Change the status code for successful POST request to 201